added Interview with Provenance Tags to the Developer Spotlight section + New page - Office Hours (#1342)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/community/developer-spotlight/provenance-tags/index.rst

.. _provenance-tags-interview:

Interview with `Provenance Tags <https://ptagchain.io/>`_
=========================================================

> **Developer Spotlight: A Conversation with** `Niels Soerensen <https://www.linkedin.com/in/nhsnhs/>`_, **Founder of Provenance Tags**

Reviewer: Again, wouldn't reference LinkedIn.

Author: link is removed

Your recent focus has been on E-Fulfillment Reinvented. Could you elaborate on this concept and how it transforms the traditional e-fulfillment process?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Niels:** E-Fulfillment Reinvented is our response to inefficiencies in how e-commerce handles payments, identity verification, and shipping. By integrating Provenance Tags with Concordium’s blockchain and payment services, we eliminate high fees, streamline ID verification using Zero-Knowledge Proofs (ZKPs), enable in-transit yield via stablecoins, and authenticate products with a tap — all with privacy and transparency baked in.

What makes the current e-fulfillment process inefficient or insecure, and how does your solution improve upon it?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> **Niels:** Traditional systems rely on insecure payment holding, expensive credit card networks, and slow manual identity checks. There’s no way to easily prove a product is genuine. Our system replaces this with programmable payment flows, ZKP identity checks, and authenticated Provenance Tags — making the entire process more secure and cost-efficient.

Reviewer: I'd change `ZKP` to `Zero-Knowledge Proofs based identity checks`

Author: replaced

Are there any staking, yield-sharing, or governance mechanisms planned as part of the Provenance Tags token model?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Niels:** Yes. We plan to offer yield-sharing tied to in-transit funds, and later, governance features so stakeholders can influence protocol decisions — particularly around fee structures and integrations.

What are the biggest challenges you're currently facing in development or adoption?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Niels:** Driving adoption among carriers and e-commerce platforms. The tech is ready, but onboarding the first major partners and aligning with logistics workflows is the current challenge. We’re also ensuring scalability and regulatory alignment.

What are the key milestones and future developments we can expect from Provenance Tags in the coming years?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> **Niels:** A full Proof of Concept rollout with stable-coins, ZKP delivery verification and in-transit yield, expanded SDK features, and integration with major e-commerce platforms. Our 120-day plan includes full web shop + delivery workflow testing and onboarding more partners across sectors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Niels:** A full Proof of Concept rollout with stablecoins, ZKP delivery verification and in-transit yield, expanded SDK features, and integration with major e-commerce platforms. Our 120-day plan includes full web shop + delivery workflow testing and onboarding more partners across sectors.
```
